Update documentation for `or_null` (#3549)
ocaml-flambda/flambda-backend: jane/doc/proposals/unboxed-types/null.md

Reviewer: `non_null` is also allowed after `mod`, correct? Or maybe that's only with the with-kinds patch, which this predates? And it probably belongs with the with-kinds documentation. Which doesn't exist. Ok, so maybe we don't include this detail here.

Reviewer: This is now implemented; I think it should be in the `extensions` folder.

for 0. There is still a small problem, though: we cannot ever have `t or_null
or_null`, as that gives *two* meanings for 0. We thus say that the argument
to `or_null` must be a *non-null type*; that is, it has room for 0. However, `t
or_null` is a *maybe-null type*; that is, it uses 0 in its representation.

We call the legacy OCaml non-null layout `value` and the new maybe-null layout
`value_or_null`.

Here is the layout structure:

```
              any
               |
         value_or_null
               |
             value
```

Note that `value_or_null` is above `value`. This is because anything
that can be done with a maybe-null type can be done with a non-null one, but
non-null types have an extra capability (they can be the argument to `or_null`);
this is thus the usual case where a subtype has an extra capability over the
supertype.

The layout `value_or_null` is *concrete*: we can compile
a function that manipulates `value_or_null`s.

Along with the kind-system changes above, the following type will be in the initial
environment:

```ocaml
type ('a : value) or_null : value_or_null
```

> With-kinds will allow `'a or_null` to mode-cross the same way that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The with-kinds feature allows `'a or_null` to mode-cross the same way that
```

`'a` does -- this permits, e.g. `int or_null` to still be subject to
optimizations around immediates.

The `or_null` type has constructors `This` and `Null` (usable for both
construction and pattern-matching), subject to the usual type-based
disambiguation.

## Defaults

In the diagram above, the `value_or_null` layout includes types that do contain
null, whereas the `value` layout is the one that includes all of today's
types, and is the default for abstract types and type variables. Why?

It turns out that whatever default we choose for abstract types will also
determine the default for type variables due to backwards compatibility.
Consider the following examples:

```ocaml
module M : sig
  type 'a t (* Assumed non-null. *)
end = struct
  type 'a t = 'a (* [’a] must be non-null. *)
end

module F (X : sig

>   type t (* Assumed maybe-null. *)

Reviewer: Is this really true? I didn't know we had a different default in a functor sig. That seems hard.

Author: No, we don't. I was illustrating the reasoning why the defaults must agree. I will rewrite this to be clearer.

  type 'a u
end) = struct
  type t = X.t X.u (* The argument to [X.u] must be maybe-null. *)
end
```

Choosing non-null would mean that all pre-existing OCaml types are valid
parameters for `'a or_null`, whereas choosing maybe-null allows `or_null`
to be a type argument. Most types in OCaml programs lack arguments, and those
that do are typically container types like `'a list`, which we can modify
preemptively. Thus, we default abstract types to non-null to reduce the
annotation burden on programmers.

## Arrays

> Flat-float array optimization demands that all types in OCaml are *separable*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flat-float-array optimization demands that all types in OCaml are *separable*:
```
